What we're gonna do now is we're
gonna together fill in the code that
we already know how to do.
We already know the procedure for
getting this data, and weighting it, and
everything.
We're gonna fill in TODO 3 to fill
in the body of this async function.
Okay, so we have this two to three,
we have a fetchMessage (url).
So, we've got our URL and
we know how to fetch the resource at
that URL into a response, all right?
So, we're gonna work through this,
you're gonna help me write out the thing
that we've done like several times now,
how do I capture that response?
Well, what function do we use
to get stuff from the internet?
>> Fetch.
So I'm gonna fetch the URL,
but I have to await the fetch.
And then I wanna do something
with that value, so
I'm going to capture it as a variable.
Now yeah, we've been doing a lot of let's
around here and I've been not practicing
what I preach of we don't need to reassign
this so we can use a const here, great.
Okay, then I need some body.
[LAUGH] So
how do I get the body of this response?
One more time,
we've done it few times now.
>> Response.json.
>> Await.
>> It's also await.
>> Await response.json,
which is gonna parse that body.
And then we want just the message property
or the value of the message property.
So, how do I do that
with my destructuring?
>> Squiggly.
>> Squigglies, yes.
And I need my declaration keyword and
we've been using let, but
I could also use const.
So in the squigglies, I'm gonna
put the name of the property that
I care about which is,
>> Message.
>> (message) =
>> body.
>> body, and
then I want to return the message, yeah.
If this works,
I should be able to paste it in here.
So now I should be able
to call fetchMessage
on this URL, and is this gonna work?
No, I have to add my friend await,
and my gosh,
we got out the dogs we care about.
[APPLAUSE] Yeah, you see that one only
took us a couple of minutes, nice.
Okay, so now we've really
flexed our async muscles here.
We've got a few different async
operations happening, fetching,
parsing JSON, and we've returned
all of that in an async function,
which means we have an async value there,
a promise that we need to await.
Excellent work y'all.
Any questions so far?
>> Just to clarify.
>> Yeah.
>> When we use the function,
we have to say await name function.
>> Well, we don't have to, but
the thing is that similar to before when
we called fetch for the first time, if
we call our fetchMessage function because
we declared it with async function.
If I call fetchMessage,
what I get back is a promise.
So we don't have to use await,
but if we wanna do anything with
the value, we're gonna need await.
So that is the difference there.
Good question.
Okay, yes.
>> Since JavaScript is
single threaded natively and
since it has outgrown the expectations
of the original designer,
isn't it more performant and
easier if it were multithreaded without
adding the fake multithreaded
of asynchronous?
>> Yes, as we said, JavaScript can only do
one thing at a time, it's single threaded.
>> And we're not getting into really the
computer science behind what that means
exactly, and what threads are, and all
that stuff, but you can go read about it.
What JavaScript was
originally intended to do and
what it's doing now are two
very different things.
And the complexity of programs that
JavaScript was originally designed to run
was somewhere along the lines of log this
thing to the console when somebody clicks
a button or something like that.
It was very simple kind
of functionality or
maybe change this,
send a submission of a form.
Now we have entire, huge, complex programs
written in JavaScript where lots of
different stuff is happening.
And we really wish we could use all
of the computers like multicore
processors that didn't even exist
in 1995 when we were running
Netscape on our Apple whatever [LAUGH]
original max, I don't remember.
And so yes, there is a big delta,
a big difference between what
JavaScript is doing right now and
the structure of JavaScript that
was created back in the day.
So could there be a more efficient way to
re implement JavaScript that does not have
this notion of asynchronous operations
that are pretending to be happening
in the background where they're not
really happening in the background?
And all of that comes down to this event
loop thing that we don't even know what it
is, we're gonna go find
out about it later.
Yes, theoretically, you could imagine
a different version of JavaScript that has
totally different features.
But here we are in this universe where
this is the JavaScript that we have, and
this is how it works, and
this is how web browsers have implemented
it in what's called JavaScript engines.
So within your web browser,
there is an engine running JavaScript.
In Chrome, it's called V8.
In Firefox, it's called Spider Monkey.
And there's different implementations of
JavaScript running JavaScript engines.
And so you could imagine a different
one that works totally differently.
But here we are,
we have these major web browsers,
we have the major contexts
in which JavaScript is run.
And we have the way that it thinks about
time and the asynchronous-ness and
the event loop and
all that being part of it.
And this is what we have to work with.
And so yes, theoretically,
you can imagine and
there's lots of interesting discussion out
there, I'm sure about all of the different
ways that JavaScript could be doing
things differently and more efficiently.
But, what we have is what we've got.
[LAUGH] So, that's kind of a answer
to a good question that yes,
there are alternate universes out
there probably where we're all
writing way different JavaScript
in some other universe somewhere.